if you guys
let's be real here let's be real raw
till 4 is an intellectual ghetto it's a
whole community of bigots
I'll be
don't interrupt daddy it's fucking
bullshit it's a whole community of
bigots but if you ever try to criticize
them it's up you're an ungrateful shit
cunt you're a fucking dumb bitch jealous
loser hater whatever freely said in a
video stop the gossip stop focusing on
other people's lives bullshit hip-hop
receive you've made a living Oh talking
shit about other people these people and
me and whoever else should be seeking
criticism we should be seeking criticism
why because then we can always improve
more and more if we don't get criticism
you know we a lot of times we end up
getting complacent so seek criticism
these people do the opposite
hah my heart hurts a little bit that I
am leaving Chiang Mai today you know
when like you're sad and you feel like
your chest actually hurts i banished yen